[bell ringing]
c0000001
[indistinct chatter]
c0000002
This town seems to have
a lot of nice stalls.
c0000003
Agreed. Might be worth
doing some looking around.
c0000004
Hm.
c0000005
[HEITER] Mere paces in,
and this place
c0000006
is clearly full of life.
c0000007
You can tell
by the number of bars.
c0000008
You’ve worked so hard.
c0000009
May I take you shopping
to say thanks?
c0000010
Huh?
c0000011
This town seems to have
a lot of nice stalls
c0000012
[FRIEREN]
If you want to, I suppose.
c0000013
[indistinct chatter]
c0000014
[STARK]
What are you doing, Frieren?
c0000015
Let's get a move on.
c0000016
[STARK] What do you gain
by being so rude?
c0000017
You berate me
every single chance you get!
c0000018
[STARK] If you hate me,
just come out
c0000019
and say it, already!
c0000020
[grunts]
I'm going back to my master!
c0000021
-[door thuds]
-[Fern gasps
c0000022
[Frieren sighs]
c0000023
[STARK] Would it kill her
to listen to what I have to say
c0000024
once in a while before
jumping down my throat?
c0000025
Hm. What's all the noise about?
c0000026
Lovebirds fighting?
c0000027
Hm.
c0000028
If you weren’t aware,
today is Fern’s birthday.
c0000029
And unfortunately, Stark forgot
to get her a gift.
c0000030
[FRIEREN]
She’s not taking it well.
c0000031
Huh.
c0000032
Hm.
c0000033
If you ask me, you were
a bit too harsh this time.
c0000034
You never listen
to a single thing
c0000035
that poor lad has to say.
c0000036
[scowls]
c0000037
To be honest, I didn’t
get you anything, either.
c0000038
When it comes to us men,
c0000039
we couldn’t care less about
trivial dates, you know.
c0000040
-Anniversaries, birthdays...
-Hm?
c0000041
[Sein grunts]
That hurt! I get it
c0000042
Okay, I-I’ll go
pick up a trinket
c0000043
for your birthday
if you’ll stop!
c0000044
At least spare my knees!
c0000045
[inhales]
c0000046
[exhales]
c0000047
After that beating,
I feel even more sorry for him.
c0000048
I’m old enough now
not to make a big stink
c0000049
if somebody hurts my feelings,
c0000050
but a girl like you
has the power
c0000051
to stir up the emotions
of a boy like him
c0000052
into a whirlwind.
c0000053
♪
c0000054
My advice is to go
after the kid.
c0000055
That might be my advice, too.
c0000056
[indistinct chatter]
c0000057
[sighs]
c0000058
c0000059
[children hollering]
c0000060
♪
c0000061
[indistinct chatter]
c0000062
I think her hair ornament
has a butterfly on it, too.
c0000063
Huh.
c0000064
A cute pouch you’ve got there.
c0000065
[SEIN] You don't like it?
c0000066
[FERN] I don’t like how used
c0000067
to keeping the company
of women you seem.
c0000068
[Sein groans] Of course.
c0000069
So, did you ever find Stark?
c0000070
[FERN]
I spotted him in the plaza.
c0000071
Couldn’t bring yourself
to talk to him, could ya?
c0000072
Hm.
c0000073
I understand.
c0000074
It’s not that
you don’t like the guy.
c0000075
You just aren’t used
to keeping the company of men
c0000076
your own age.
c0000077
Oh, to be young!
c0000078
No matter.
Choose whatever you want.
c0000079
We can take a look
at some other shops, too.
c0000080
Thanks,
but that’s quite all right.
c0000081
Fine. Guess I’ll choose
on my own.
c0000082
Anyway, if he did forget
to get you something,
c0000083
don’t take it personally.
c0000084
He doesn’t strike me
as the conscientious type.
c0000085
I doubt there are many years
c0000086
he even remembers
his own birthday.
c0000087
Don’t blame the fool.
c0000088
He didn’t have to remember,
c0000089
because I gave him
a present on it.
c0000090
Right.
c0000091
You picked out one together,
didn’t you?
c0000092
How did you know that?
c0000093
[SEIN] Most people
wouldn’t decline
c0000094
when someone offers
to buy them whatever they want.
c0000095
You must already have
some birthday shopping memory
c0000096
you consider sacred.
c0000097
That’s why you told me no.
c0000098
I guess that could be.
c0000099
I don’t know about sacred,
c0000100
but it did feel like
the right choice.
c0000101
I believe it.
c0000102
Now, apologize to Stark,
c0000103
then you two can pick out
the best present in town.
c0000104
Sure, he’s slow on the uptake,
but he’s just a kid.
c0000105
You want to make up
with him, yes?
c0000106
Remember that people
can’t know how you feel
c0000107
until you tell them.
c0000108
Guess you’re right.
c0000109
I’m gonna head back
to the inn, now.
c0000110
-One thing.
-Hm?
c0000111
I’m sorry
about all the kicking.
c0000112
♪
c0000113
[bird chirping]
c0000114
-[FERN] Mister Stark?
-Hm.
c0000115
[STARK] Fern.
c0000116
-[Stark groans]
-[bird chirping]
c0000117
-I--
-Sorry!
c0000118
Uh, I wanted to choose a gift
c0000119
with you to make sure
you’d love it.
c0000120
But after you got upset,
c0000121
I didn’t want it to look like
I was trying to dig myself
c0000122
out of a hole,
so I didn’t say anything...
c0000123
because I got nervous,
c0000124
and I was worried you might
become even more mad at me.
c0000125
That wouldn’t have made me mad
in the slightest.
c0000126
Mister Stark?
c0000127
Would you forgive me?
c0000128
I was too harsh with you.
c0000129
[chuckles] Please.
I’ve grown used to it.
c0000130
[FERN] I really
am sorry, though.
c0000131
[chuckles]
c0000132
You ready to shop?
c0000133
[chuckles]
c0000134
[FERN] Yeah.
c0000135
♪
c0000136
[SEIN] Spying
on the sweethearts?
c0000137
That's in poor taste, Frieren.
c0000138
You’re doing the same.
c0000139
[SEIN] I’m just glad that
they made up.
c0000140
The older you get,
the better you start
c0000141
understanding relationships,
c0000142
and the better you can do that,
the fewer conflicts arise.
c0000143
[exhales]
c0000144
Arguments like that
are a privilege of the young.
c0000145
This can't have been
easy for you, Frieren.
c0000146
Looking after two kids
all alone?
c0000147
You understand relationships?
c0000148
[SEIN] Make that three kids.
c0000149
It struck me as odd
Fern turned to me for advice
c0000150
instead of you.
c0000151
A girl wouldn’t do that
c0000152
unless she has someone
in her past
c0000153
she’s comparing me to.
[inhales]
c0000154
[FRIEREN] You do know Fern
was raised
c0000155
by Heiter, don’t you?
c0000156
[SEIN] That’s the last person
I should be compared to.
c0000157
He was a great priest.
c0000158
“Great” isn’t the word
I would use.
c0000159
[FRIEREN] When he wasn’t drunk,
he was deathly hungover.
c0000160
[HIMMEL]
He’s gone undead on us.
c0000161
[FRIEREN] He was terribly picky
with his food.
c0000162
Quit it, Heiter.
c0000163
[FRIEREN] And he lied
more often than not.
c0000164
I haven’t had a drop all day!
c0000165
He was a corrupt priest,
plain and simple.
c0000166
Though I admit,
your depravity far exceeds his.
c0000167
Yeah, sorry about that.
c0000168
All that stuff
is hard to believe.
c0000169
Sounds nothing like
the Heiter I remember.
c0000170
He was a kind, dependable,
and upright old man.
c0000171
[SEIN]
A proper grown-up.
c0000172
The very opposite
of what I’ve become.
c0000173
[FRIEREN] The years
have changed you, Heiter.
c0000174
You’ve grown dignified.
c0000175
[chuckles]
c0000176
[HEITER (OLD)] To me
that sounds like a nice way
c0000177
of saying “old.”
c0000178
A certain level of maturity
comes naturally as we age.
c0000179
Huh.
c0000180
Or rather, that’s what I wish
I could say.
c0000181
Truth is, though my body
has grown and shrunk,
c0000182
my mind has hardly changed
since I was a child.
c0000183
I've pretended
to be an adult all my life.
c0000184
Though I might look
the part now,
c0000185
not a bit of adulthood
has stirred within me.
c0000186
I’d like to be
a proper grown-up,
c0000187
but I fear I’ll pretend
until I die.
c0000188
It’s important
that children have adults.
c0000189
Little ones can’t thrive
without emotional support.
c0000190
Fern is the hardworking sort.
c0000191
She needs a lot of guidance
and a lot of praise.
c0000192
If you’re still a child,
then shouldn’t you be praised
c0000193
for maintaining this ruse?
c0000194
Where’s the grown-up
to praise you?
c0000195
She’s up above somewhere,
waiting for me to join her.
c0000196
I'll have to venture
into heaven
c0000197
before I receive my reward.
c0000198
Well, while you’re still here,
I could always praise you.
c0000199
You’d do that for me?
How kind.
c0000200
But I doubt you understand
c0000201
just how a withering human
like me might feel.
c0000202
So how do you intend
to praise me?
c0000203
[grunts]
c0000204
♪
c0000205
[chuckles] I must admit,
c0000206
that was much nicer
than I expected.
c0000207
Frieren. Once I get to heaven,
c0000208
I’ll have a word
with the Goddess for you.
c0000209
When you join me,
c0000210
you should be praised by her,
too, my friend.
c0000211
[FRIEREN] Oh?
Then I'll look forward to it.
c0000212
♪
c0000213
Huh?
c0000214
[SEIN] What do you think
you're doing, Frieren?
c0000215
In my opinion, you’re as proper
as grown-ups come, Sein.
c0000216
[grunts]
c0000217
[Sein inhales and exhales]
c0000218
[SEIN] If only you were
an older lady,
c0000219
this moment would be perfect.
c0000220
[FRIEREN]
You should be glad, then.
c0000221
Precious few women
are older than me.
c0000222
[wheels rattling]
c0000223
Thank you, sir.
c0000224
This area has
an extreme deficit
c0000225
of passenger carriages.
c0000226
We must all help our fellow man
in times of need.
c0000227
I work as merchant
c0000228
selling my ware
in the town up ahead.
c0000229
I supply the people there
with fine accessories.
c0000230
Look at my stock if you’d like.
c0000231
You’re quite the salesman,
aren’t you?
c0000232
Alas, finer things
are lost on me.
c0000233
My apprentice Fern
may be interested, though.
c0000234
Huh? Did you buy
a new bracelet?
c0000235
[gasps] Well, uh...
c0000236
-[FERN] Kind of.
-[snoring]
c0000237
[FRIEREN]
That's a pretty design.
c0000238
I have a ring with
the very same pattern on it.
c0000239
It was a gift from Himmel
for a job well done.
c0000240
I think
it would match perfectly.
c0000241
I’ve never seen it.
c0000242
[FRIEREN] Let me think.
Where did I put that thing?
c0000243
-[clattering]
-[FRIEREN] Under here?
c0000244
[FRIEREN] Huh?
c0000245
Goodness.
You’re so disorganized.
c0000246
Hm. Finally.
c0000247
[thudding]
c0000248
[rumbling]
c0000249
[thudding]
c0000250
[FRIEREN] Sorry.
I let my guard down.
c0000251
Avian monsters
are cunning beasts,
c0000252
and very skilled
at concealing their mana.
c0000253
What to do.
c0000254
[STARK] Let’s defeat
the monster
c0000255
and then figure something out.
c0000256
You mages use magic
to fly around all the time.
c0000257
You can make a carriage float
for a bit, can’t you?
c0000258
Think, Stark.
c0000259
Have you ever seen
a flying carriage before?
c0000260
[STARK] Yeah.
We’re in one right now
c0000261
[FRIEREN] This may come
as a surprise,
c0000262
but it has only been
40 short years
c0000263
since humankind
first learned how to fly.
c0000264
Until then, the skies
were the exclusive domain
c0000265
of demons and monsters.
c0000266
The flying magic
you see us use today
c0000267
is actually a demon spell
mankind was able to repurpose.
c0000268
Nobody’s looking
for a lecture, okay?
c0000269
So can you make
the carriage levitate, or not?
c0000270
We can’t adapt their spell,
c0000271
because we’ve merely
copied the “how”
c0000272
without understanding
the “why.”
c0000273
[FRIEREN]
Things larger than humans
c0000274
can only be made to fly
in short spurts.
c0000275
Should’ve led with that.
c0000276
[FRIEREN]
We’ll have to abandon ship.
c0000277
I’ll fly out
with our new merchant ally.
c0000278
And Fern, you leave with Sein.
c0000279
Understood, ma’am.
c0000280
[MALE MERCHANT 13A]
I'll get my cargo together.
c0000281
Uh... Hey, uh, and me?
c0000282
I figured that
you could jump down.
c0000283
[STARK]
What are you talking about?
c0000284
Pretty sure a fall like that
would kill me.
c0000285
[FRIEREN] Surely a warrior can
handle a fall from this height.
c0000286
Ugh! Don’t look at me
like I’m crazy!
c0000287
You know good and well
that would snap
c0000288
every bone in my body!
c0000289
You really think it would?
c0000290
[FRIEREN] Eisen could
free-fall from any height
c0000291
without getting so much
as a scratch.
c0000292
Oh!
c0000293
-[thudding]
-[Heiter screams]
c0000294
[grunts]
c0000295
[gasps]
What is wrong with this man?
c0000296
[FRIEREN]
Heiter was appalled.
c0000297
Yet another story
that goes to show
c0000298
how far from normal
Mister Eisen is.
c0000299
Perhaps we can levitate
the carriage for a moment,
c0000300
just before it crashes
into the forest.
c0000301
I’d need to calculate
c0000302
if I have the power to stop
a free-fall.
c0000303
If I can’t sufficiently reduce
the force of our plummet,
c0000304
we’d be ground
into minced meat.
c0000305
[STARK] Why’d you have
to say it all scary-like?
c0000306
Whatever it is that we do,
we should probably do it quick.
c0000307
This type of monster
kills its prey
c0000308
by slamming it
into the ground.
c0000309
Ah.
c0000310
♪
c0000311
Huh?
c0000312
[FRIEREN] Well, I suppose
her idea is worth a shot.
c0000313
[screams]
c0000314
You better not drop us!
c0000315
[thudding]
c0000316
[rumbling]
c0000317
[gasps] We’re alive.
c0000318
[FRIEREN] Indeed. Indicating
our plan was a success.
c0000319
[STARK]
You call that a success?
c0000320
What’s worse is
she called it a “plan.”
c0000321
[SEIN] Your horse
was only slightly injured,
c0000322
but I fixed it up for you.
c0000323
The greater concern
is your carriage.
c0000324
It needs major repairs.
c0000325
[FRIEREN] Sorry.
c0000326
Please, don’t apologize.
I’m thankful.
c0000327
If it had just been me,
I would surely be dead.
c0000328
[STARK] It’s gonna take
some time to fix the carriage.
c0000329
♪
c0000330
Huh?
It should be right here.
c0000331
I wonder where it went.
c0000332
[saw hissing]
c0000333
[STARK] It's gotten
a lot warmer lately.
c0000334
Might be time
to start dressing lighter.
c0000335
Oh, by the way, Fern.
c0000336
[SEIN]
About that bracelet...
c0000337
Oh, right.
c0000338
This is what Mister Stark
got me for my birthday.
c0000339
I spent three whole hours
picking out that thing.
c0000340
So, you ended up
being the one to choose?
c0000341
I wanted him to pick whatever
he thought would be best.
c0000342
Yeah.
Should’ve seen that coming.
c0000343
[SEIN] She put you through
the wringer, huh?
c0000344
Her type is the hardest
to deal with.
c0000345
[STARK] Truth.
c0000346
What about this one?
c0000347
Three hours of trying
to gauge her reactions.
c0000348
I felt like I was dying inside.
c0000349
[SEIN] You poor soul.
c0000350
[FERN] I can hear everything
they're saying.
c0000351
-[STARK] Oh, well.
-Huh.
c0000352
It was all worth it,
since she likes it so much.
c0000353
[chuckles]
c0000354
[SEIN] Attaboy.
c0000355
To tell you the truth,
I didn’t think
c0000356
you had it in you to make
such a romantic statement.
c0000357
[STARK] Huh?
[SEIN] That design
c0000358
is of a mirrored lotus.
c0000359
In the language of flowers,
it means "eternal love."
c0000360
Around these parts,
c0000361
it’s a common symbol
to give to a lover.
c0000362
[gasps]
c0000363
[FERN] Mister Stark?
c0000364
I had no idea, okay?
c0000365
It’s all a misunderstanding.
c0000366
You think I’ve got
the first clue
c0000367
about the language of flowers?
c0000368
No, of course not.
You’re an idiot.
c0000369
[STARK] You’re being
even meaner than usual!
c0000370
Not like you’re some
flower genius, either.
c0000371
What did you just say to me?
c0000372
[gasps] Nothing, ma’am.
c0000373
So, uh, should I find
something to replace it?
c0000374
You put an incredible amount
of effort
c0000375
into picking out
the perfect gift for me.
c0000376
Don’t suggest
such a thing again.
c0000377
I-I wouldn’t dream of it.
c0000378
-Something funny?
-Hm.
c0000379
[SEIN] No, not at all.
c0000380
♪
c0000381
-[FERN] Mistress Frieren?
-Hm?
c0000382
We've finished repairing
the carriage.
c0000383
We'll depart early
tomorrow morning.
c0000384
[FRIEREN] Understood.
c0000385
You've been sneaking away
from us at night.
c0000386
What is it that
you’re looking for?
c0000387
[FRIEREN]
The ring Himmel gave me.
c0000388
[gasps] Let me help.
c0000389
We'll wait to leave for town
until we've found it.
c0000390
That’s all right.
c0000391
If we don’t have
any luck tonight,
c0000392
then I’ll give up.
c0000393
I’ve grown used
to losing things.
c0000394
Besides, that ring isn’t all
c0000395
that Himmel gave me
over the years.
c0000396
The design.
c0000397
It has a mirrored lotus
like my bracelet does.
c0000398
[FERN] In flower language,
that means "eternal love."
c0000399
Huh. I didn't realize that.
c0000400
[FRIEREN] It doesn't matter.
c0000401
I seriously doubt Himmel knew
what it meant, either.
c0000402
Regardless,
I'm certain it's important.
c0000403
Let's look for it together.
c0000404
[MALE MERCHANT 13A] I wish
you would’ve told me sooner.
c0000405
Given my line of work,
c0000406
I’m typically the first stop
when folks in my village
c0000407
lose valuable jewelry.
c0000408
[MALE MERCHANT 13A]
This is a spell for finding
c0000409
lost accessories.
c0000410
I was intending to give it
to you as a reward
c0000411
for all your assistance
with my carriage and horse.
c0000412
-[paper rustling]
-[fire crackling]
c0000413
♪
c0000414
[HIMMEL] Frieren?
c0000415
To say a special thanks
for all your hard work
c0000416
on that side quest,
c0000417
please choose
whatever you’d like.
c0000418
[FRIEREN] Jewelry, huh?
c0000419
I would've preferred something
from a magic shop.
c0000420
But this one will do.
c0000421
That was too easy.
c0000422
You should put some more
thought into it.
c0000423
Huh.
c0000424
What's wrong?
c0000425
Nothing.
c0000426
♪
c0000427
-[HIMMEL] Frieren.
-Hm? Ah, yes.
c0000428
[chuckles]
c0000429
♪
c0000430
[bell ringing]
c0000431
[cart wheels rattling]
c0000432
[bird chirping]
c0000433
You were close
to giving up your search.
c0000434
Glad you didn’t?
c0000435
Hm.
c0000436
Maybe I am.
c0000437
[FRIEREN]
I meant to ask,
c0000438
why exactly are you wearing
a mirrored-lotus bracelet?
c0000439
[FERN] Because Mister Stark
is an idiot.
c0000440
[STARK] No respect.
c0000441
[SEIN]
I have battle magic, too.
c0000442
[ORDEN] He doesn't have
his brother's talent.
c0000443
[SEIN] In any case, it looks
like we should hurry.
c0000444
[FRIEREN] Let's move on
to the next village.
c0000445
This smells like trouble.